<h3 align="center">https://homeinvest-ff755.web.app/</h3>

   HomeInvest is a project that was mainly created on the idea of facilitating the process of viewing homes or buildings and at the same time eliminating the need to physically travel to the property location. Thus, the classic type of viewing is now replaced by a more actual and modern method defined by the means of three-dimensional tours, the main objective being to provide customers with the most realistic, captivating and ultimately useful experience. This can allow users to interactively explore desired locations, right from the comfort of their own home.

   A project like this one has the ability to reduce geographical barriers, as well as the expenses required for such travel, these being limitations that potential buyers or tenants may encounter when they want to establish various viewings. Thrugh apartments 3D tours, they will be able to visualize the arrangement, observe the advantages or disadvantages of the chosen space, the design elements, the finishes which have been used and get a perspective as close to the truth as possible, which will later help in the decision-making process.
    
   One of the main reasons that supports the build of HomeInvest is defined by the strong correlation between technology and the field of activity which is presented. The use of 3D tour technology has a significant influence on the way clients and real estate agents interact with properties. Such a topic might explore how this technology can help real estate agents or landlords gain competitive advantages in the process of selling or renting homes.

   HomeInvest represents innovation, adaptation to new technologies and the desire to evolve. During the use of this application, both business people and those willing to experience the interaction with online three-dimensional spaces will be amazed by how much the technology has improved during the last few years and how little limited the edges of the creative process are. With the help of HomeInvest and the advanced technologies through which it was implemented, the process of viewing properties by potential buyers or tenants is significantly facilitated.
    
   Although the virtual tour market is constantly developing, the application uses the latest software processes available at the moment to implement 3D scenes. This explains the existence of the innovative functionalities that it has, such as the addition of interaction points with the virtual tour that make the experience much more immersive. The latest versions of React.js and Bootstrap were used to ensure a pleasant and responsive interface for all screen sizes and even mobile devices. We have also integrated well-known libraries such as Three.js and Tween.js for outlining an immersive three-dimensional space and the smoothest and most fluid transitions. During the finalization of the project, we took into account all the elements that were necessary for the implementation, from the consumption of resources and performance, to the format of the data structures, writing a well-structured and understandable source code and the use of the best data storage methods through Firebase.
    
   The HomeInvest end product brings transparency to the process of selling or renting a property, house or apartment. It allows customers to view in detail even aspects that may be missed in real life, due to physical reasons or carelessness. Viewing a virtual space from the comfort of your own home offers analysis time and reduced costs. Reducing these costs is essential for both buyer and seller, with virtual tours also improving businesses' marketing process.
